--unrestricted lifts the tool whitelist for a single call. The model may reach
for any command-line tool, and may combine tools with pipes, redirection or
chaining. In exchange, inspection becomes mandatory and cannot be turned off.

Use it when the task genuinely needs a tool your config does not list, or a
combination of tools. Prefer adding the tool to your prompt config when the
need is recurring.

    sai --unrestricted "show fn and struct from rust files changed today"

What it lifts:
- The tool whitelist, in generation as well as validation. The model is told it
  is not restricted, so it can choose the right tool for the job.
- Operator blocking, so pipes, redirects, chaining and substitution are allowed.
- Execution runs through the shell, as it does under --unsafe.

What it forces, and what nothing can suppress:
- An explanation of the generated command, even without --explain.
- A confirmation, even without --confirm.
- The confirmation requires typing "yes" in full. A bare "y" clears every other
  prompt in sai and deliberately does not clear this one.

IMPORTANT - the explanation is not an independent check.
It is written by the same model that produced the command, so a destructive
command can receive a calm, plausible explanation. Forced explain buys you
legibility, not verification.

For that reason the preflight card shows risk markers computed locally from the
command text - shell operators, recursive or forced deletion, and wildcards
reaching outside the working directory. The same card identifies the effective
mode and attributes the explanation to mandatory unrestricted inspection. No
model is involved in producing the markers, which is what makes them worth
reading. They are advisory: they inform your decision rather than blocking
anything. The separate no-whitelist announcement and typed `yes` prompt still
follow the card.

Disabling the mode:
Set the following in the global config to forbid it outright. sai then refuses
before contacting the model, so a forbidden run costs nothing.

    safety:
      allow_unrestricted: false

Unrestricted runs are recorded as such in the history log, so `sai --analyze`
and later auditing can tell them apart.
